hey YouTube I'm just in the garden a
couple of minutes ago and I came up with
a new way of teaching the trick cup cup
or your feet online
my friend znz one YouTube user I'll put
a link to her video in the description
she made a really awesome video on how
to teach this trick however my video is
so different in the technique that I
thought I'd post it anyway how to teach
cup cop your feet online step 1 teach
the dog to target a book with their feet
you can either do this by free shaping
or what I'm doing here is luring the dog
onto the book and clicking when both
feet touch the book this is the fastest
way the next step is getting the dog to
target the book with their feet while
they're between your legs you can also
use a mat instead of a book don't just
say yes or click once you want to
continually reinforce the dog for
maintaining both feet on the target the
next step is positioning your feet
closer and closer together so that the
dog will become likely to actually put
their paw on your foot instead of the
object that they're targeting whether it
be a book or a mat if you want to click
that exact moment that the dog's foot
touches yours boy to teach them that is
exactly what you would hope for now you
can see I've got my feet closer together
and it's the way that I hold the treat
how far away the treat is from my feet
and by moving the treat left and right
is actually causing him to move his feet
on to my feet if you find that your dog
is targeting just one of your feet you
can
move the treat lower back and forth in
front of your dog until they readjust
their footing and the moment that they
readjust their footing so that both feet
are on yours that's when you're going to
click once you have your dog reliably
going between your legs and putting his
paws on your feet you can start moving
your feet a little bit if the dog backs
out simply wait to leave places his feet
on yours again it's a
confidence-building exercise resist the
urge to pick his feet up and put them on
your shoes dogs are smart and it's more
fun for them to figure it out on their
own after she's finished bouncing spot
she's going to demo what the final
result looks like you can either get
your dog to back between your legs
before the trick starts or to get them
to go around and behind you remember to
keep your toes pointed inwards so that
the dog has a good foothold see you next
time don't forget to subscribe for more
free training videos like this one